Finally got it thank god..!!!

https://github.com/rockysandeep0909/playwrightFrameworkJS

1.What is Playwright?
Playwright is an open-source automation testing tool developed by Microsoft.
It is used to automate web browsers and test web applications automatically instead of testing them manually.

2. Why is Playwright used in Automation Testing?
Playwright is used to check if a website or web app works correctly by simulating how a real user behaves.
Here’s why teams use Playwright:
can identify bugs in the early stages
cross browser testing
fast and smarter
1. Automates user actions
2. Cross-browser testing
3. Fast and reliable tests
4. Tests like a real user
5. Easy debugging and parallel execution
6. Works in CI/CD pipelines.

3.how is playwright different from selenium or cypress
Playwright is faster and more reliable than Selenium because it has built-in waiting and direct browser control. Compared to Cypress,
Playwright supports more browsers, multiple languages, and better parallel execution. Selenium is preferred for legacy systems, Cypress for simple front-end tests, 
and Playwright for modern automation frameworks.

4.how do u install playwright and setit up for a new project
To install Playwright, install Node.js and Visual Studio Code, initialize a project using npm init playwright@latest, then run npx playwright test to execute tests. 
Playwright automatically downloads browsers and sets up the configuration.

5.what are locators in playwritgh..??
Locators in Playwright are used to identify web elements so automated tests can interact with them, like clicking, typing, and verifying text.

6.whats the diferene btwn page.click() and locator.click()
page.click() clicks an element immediately and may fail if the element is not ready, 
while locator.click() automatically waits, retries, and interacts reliably with dynamic elements.

7.how does playwright handle waits automatically
Playwright automatically waits for elements to be visible, enabled, and stable before interacting, and retries actions until conditions are met. 
This eliminates the need for manual sleeps and reduces flaky tests.

8.how do u handle dropdown and input fields
In Playwright, input fields are handled using fill() and type(). For dropdowns, selectOption() is used for HTML select elements, 
and click-based selection is used for custom dropdowns.
Select by value
Select by label
Select by index

9 how do u take screenshots and record video in playwright
In Playwright, screenshots are taken using page.screenshot() and videos are enabled in playwright.config.
js using the video option. Playwright also automatically captures screenshots and videos on test failure when configured.
eg: 🔹 1. Take screenshot of full page-->await page.screenshot({ path: 'page.png' });
🔹 2. Take screenshot of visible area-->await page.locator('#loginBtn').screenshot({ path: 'loginBtn.png' });
🔹 3. Screenshot on test failure (Auto).module.exports = {
  use: {
    screenshot: 'only-on-failure',
  }
};

10.how can u open multiple browser tabs or contexts
Tabs are created using context.newPage() and share session data, while contexts are created using browser.newContext() and 
provide isolated browser sessions like incognito windows.

11. whats the difference btwn page,browser and browsercontext
Browser is the main instance, BrowserContext is an isolated session like incognito, and Page is a single browser tab inside that session.
    const context = await browser.newContext();
    const page = await context.newPage();


12. how do u handle alerts and popups in plawright
In Playwright, JavaScript alerts are handled using the dialog event with accept or dismiss actions.
 Browser popups are managed using waitForEvent('page'), and permissions are controlled using browser context options.

13. how do u emulate mobile device or geolocation
Playwright emulates mobile devices using predefined device descriptors like iPhone and Pixel, and sets geolocation using browser context configuration with latitude and longitude values.

14. how do u handle different browser windows in playwright
New browser windows are handled using context.waitForEvent('page'), and Playwright returns a Page object that allows switching and interacting with the new window.

15. what command is used to generate playwright test automatically
The npx playwright codegen command records user actions and generates Playwright automation scripts automatically.

16. How do you set up a Playwright project with TypeScript
install node.js and vs code and create a folder npm init playwright@latest and automatically all playwright libraries and modules will be installed

17.Explain the folder structure you prefer for Playwright tests
I prefer a modular folder structure using Page Object Model.
All tests inside tests/, all page classes inside pages/, reusable utilities under utils/, fixtures under fixtures/, and configurations under config/.
This helps maintain test scalability, readability, and reusability.”

18 What is the benefit of using fixtures in Playwright test runner
“Fixtures in Playwright provide reusable, isolated test setup. They help avoid repeated code, maintain clean test structure, 
manage automatic setup and teardown, and ensure independent test execution. With custom fixtures, we can pre-login users, prepare test data, 
and improve both speed and maintainability of the framework.”

19. How do you handle environment-specific configs in Playwright
I handle environment-specific configs in Playwright using multiple configuration files or environment variables.
Each environment (dev/qa/stage/prod) has its own baseURL and credentials.
I select the environment during test execution using --config or env variables.
This keeps tests clean, scalable, and easily switchable between environments.”

20 How do you wait for elements without using sleep
I never use sleep() in Playwright.
Playwright has built-in auto-waiting, and I rely on smart waits like waitForSelector, locator.waitFor(), navigation waits, and assertion waits.
These waits are stable, retry automatically, and prevent flaky tests.”	

21. Explain the difference between locator and elementHandle
“A Locator is Playwright’s modern, recommended way to find elements.
It auto-waits, re-finds the element every time, and prevents flaky tests.
ElementHandle is a low-level reference to a DOM element, does not auto-wait, and may become stale.
Locators should be used for all test interactions, while ElementHandle is used only for rare advanced operations.”
A locator does NOT store the element.
It finds the element fresh every time before performing an action.
An ElementHandle is like a direct pointer to an element (similar to Selenium’s WebElement).

22. How do you handle multiple browser contexts in one test
“To handle multiple browser contexts in one test, I create new contexts using browser.newContext().
Each context behaves like an independent browser with separate cookies and storage, allowing me to simulate multiple users in the same test.
Inside each context, I create separate pages. This is commonly used for chat apps, admin vs user flows, or multi-user scenarios.

23.8. How do you manage authentication flows (UI login)
“I manage authentication in Playwright using the below approaches.
For full end-to-end coverage, I automate UI login by filling the username/password and verifying navigation.

23. which is the modren of locating an element in playwright
“The modern way to locate elements in Playwright is using locator() with user-facing selectors like 
getByRole, getByText, and getByTestId, instead of XPath or old DOM-based selectors.”

24. 11. Difference between page.waitForSelector and locator.waitFor
✅ Use locator.waitFor() always in modern Playwright code
It is more reliable, especially for React/Angular/Vue dynamic UIs.
❌ Avoid page.waitForSelector() unless you have a very specific old-style use-case.

25.  12. How do you deal with flaky tests in Playwright
I reduce flaky tests by using Playwright’s auto-waiting locators, proper wait states, retries, stable selectors,
disabling animations, ensuring clean test data, and using trace/debug tools. 
I avoid manual timeouts and ensure each test is independent and stable. 

26.  13. How do you record and generate code using Playwright codegen
To record and generate code in Playwright, I use the npx playwright codegen command. 
It opens a browser that auto-generates test code as I interact with the site. I can specify a URL, choose a language target, and output the script to a file. 
Codegen helps quickly bootstrap tests with reliable locators and built-in waits

27.14. How do you handle file uploads and downloads
File Uploads
Cannot interact with OS file dialog
Use setInputFiles() to directly attach files
Supports single, multiple, and clearing uploads
File Downloads
Use page.waitForEvent("download")
Then call download.path() OR download.saveAs()
Works reliably with Playwright’s auto-wait and event handling

28. 15. How do you run tests in parallel and when should you disable parallel mode
Playwright runs tests in parallel by default using multiple workers.
You can control parallel execution using workers, fullyParallel, and test.describe.serial.
You disable parallel mode when tests depend on shared data, modify the same backend state, 
use the same user account, or when the test flow must run step-by-step without interference.

29. 17. How do you capture screenshots, videos, and traces for debugging
1. On Test Failure (recommended)
Add this to your playwright.config.ts:
use: {
  screenshot: 'only-on-failure',
}
✔️ 2. Always Capture Screenshot
use: {
  screenshot: 'on',
}
✔️ 3. Capture screenshot manually
await page.screenshot({ path: 'screenshots/login.png', fullPage: true });

Enable video recording in config
use: {
  video: 'on', // record all tests
}
Other options:
"retain-on-failure"
"on-first-retry"
Example:
use: {
  video: 'retain-on-failure',
}
✔️ Change video resolution
use: {
  video: {
    mode: 'on',
    size: { width: 1280, height: 720 }
  }
I enable screenshots, videos, and traces using Playwright’s use configuration.
screenshot: "only-on-failure"
video: "retain-on-failure"
trace: "retain-on-failure"
Playwright automatically stores these artifacts in the test results folder and shows them in the HTML report.
Traces are especially useful because they contain logs, snapshots, timelines, network calls, and a step-by-step replay of the test.

30.  18. How do you handle iframes and shadow DOM in Playwright
To handle iframes, I use frameLocator() to target elements inside an iframe.
Example: page.frameLocator('#iframe').locator('#username').fill().
For Shadow DOM, Playwright automatically pierces the shadow boundary, so normal locators work. If needed, I can use :shadow selector.
Playwright makes both iframe and shadow DOM handling easier compared to Selenium.  

31.  19. How do you share state or data across tests using fixtures 
You share state or data across tests in Playwright using fixtures.
Fixtures allow you to define reusable data, such as user objects, tokens, or authenticated pages, and inject them into any test using dependency injection.
The common pattern is using test.extend() to create a fixture and then using it in multiple tests. This avoids global variables and keeps tests isolated and reliable.

32.  20. How do you write a custom helper function for repeated actions
I write custom helper functions to avoid repeating the same code in multiple tests.
I usually create a utility file or a Page Object file and define reusable methods such as login(), addToCart(), or search().
Then I import and use these functions inside the tests to keep the test code clean and maintainable.

33. 21. How do you run tests on different browsers (Chromium, WebKit, Firefox)
Playwright allows cross-browser testing using projects in the config.
I define projects for Chromium, Firefox, and WebKit, and Playwright runs the same test suite across all browsers automatically.
I can run a specific browser using --project in the CLI.
This ensures cross-browser coverage with minimal configuration.
or
import { defineConfig, devices } from '@playwright/test';

export default defineConfig({
  projects: [
    {
      name: 'Chromium',
      use: { browserName: 'chromium' }
    },
    {
      name: 'Firefox',
      use: { browserName: 'firefox' }
    },
    {
      name: 'WebKit',
      use: { browserName: 'webkit' }
    }
  ]
});

34. 22. How do you integrate Playwright with Jenkins or other CI tools


35. 23. How do you test role-based access in a Playwright setup

36. 25. How do you structure page object files in Playwright with JavaScript 
Element	        Location
Locators	Inside page object
Actions	        Inside page object
Tests	        In tests/ folder
Reusable functions	In utils/
Configurations	In playwright.config.js

What is Page Object Model (POM)?
POM means creating separate classes for each UI page.
Each class contains:
locators
methods (actions)
assertions (optional)
Your test file becomes clean, and all logic stays inside the page class.

37. 26. How do you read data from JSON or external files for data-driven tests

38. How do you disable animations or reduce load for faster tests
run test in headless mode and use prper waits for an element and still more if u google

39. 29. How do you debug Playwright tests effectively
To debug Playwright tests effectively, I usually run them in headed mode or use the --debug command to open the Playwright Inspector. I also insert page.pause() to stop execution and explore the DOM interactively.
I use VS Code breakpoints for step-by-step debugging. When tests fail in CI, I rely on Playwright Tracing, screenshots, and videos.
These tools help me understand locator issues, timeouts, network failures, and flakiness very quickly.

40.30. Explain how you would build a scalable Playwright automation framework---------------> need to undestand still more

Build around POM + fixtures + small independent tests, optimize with storageState + worker fixtures for speed,
 protect reliability with locators and smart waits, and integrate with CI to produce artifacts (HTML, JUnit, traces). 
Start small (smoke/regression) and iterate: measure runtimes, kill flakiness, and scale horizontally.

41. what is auto waiting in palywright and how does it improve stability
Auto-waiting is a built-in feature in Playwright that automatically waits for certain conditions before performing actions on web elements. 
This helps ensure that the page is ready before Playwright interacts with it.
Instead of you writing manual waits (waitForTimeout, sleep, etc.), Playwright intelligently waits until:
The element appears in the DOM
The element becomes visible
The element is enabled
The page finishes loading or navigating
Bad Practice (Manual wait)
await page.waitForTimeout(5000);  // unreliable and slow
Good Practice (Use auto-waiting)
await page.locator('#submit').click();

42.what are test fitures and how it is used in playwright
A test fixture in Playwright is a reusable setup/cleanup function that provides test data or environment setup to tests and improves test maintainability and performance.

43. how do u handle authentication in playwright
Authentication in Playwright is handled by logging in once and saving session state using storageState, 
then reusing it across tests, or by authenticating via API for faster execution.

44.  what is playwright trace viewer and how it is used
Playwright Trace Viewer is a debugging tool that records everything that happens during a test run 
and lets you replay the test step by step like a video to find exactly where and why a test failed.

45. what configuration options are available in config.js
Playwright’s config file allows control over test execution, parallelism, retries, browser selection, reporting, tracing, 
and environment settings using options like workers, projects, use, and reporter.

46. how do u skip or tagtests for selective  execution
Tests can be skipped using test.skip(), focused with test.only(), and selectively executed using tags combined with
 --grep and --grep-invert.

47. how do u handle file uploads and dowloads 
Playwright handles uploads using setInputFiles() and downloads using the download event, allowing validation and saving of files programmatically

48. how do you setup retries for failes tests
Retries in Playwright are configured using the retries option in the config file, per project, or via CLI with --retries, and are commonly enabled only in CI environments.

49. how do u handle timeouts globaly or per tests
Timeouts in Playwright can be configured globally in the config file, per test using test.setTimeout(), and per action or assertion through options.

50. how do u parametrize tests in playwright
Tests in Playwright are parameterized by looping through datasets, using fixtures, environment variables, or external files to run the same test with multiple inputs.

51. howcan u run playwright tests headed and headless
Playwright tests run in headless mode by default. To run with UI, use --headed or set headless: false in the config file.

52. how do u use environmnet vairables with diferenet  test enviernomnets
Different environments in Playwright are handled using environment variables loaded via .env files and dotenv, 
allowing the same test suite to run across DEV, QA, and PROD.

53. how do u implement reporting inplaywright
Reporting in Playwright is implemented using built-in reporters like HTML, JSON, and JUnit, configured in playwright.config.ts, 
and enriched with screenshots, videos, and trace support.

54. how can u handle parallel execution
Playwright handles parallel execution using worker processes, controlled via workers, test.describe.parallel(), and project configuration.

55. how do you debug failure testcases effciently
I debug failures in Playwright using Trace Viewer, headed runs, debug mode, screenshots, and video recordings to quickly identify the root cause.

56. what are some common falkiness issues and how do u prevent it
Common flakiness issues are timing problems, animations, dynamic locators, shared test data, network latency, and browser differences.
Prevention includes using stable locators, auto-waiting, isolated contexts, retries, mocks, and capturing traces/videos for debugging.

57 how do u ensures scalibility and mantianibilty in large playwrightproject
Scalability and maintainability in large Playwright projects are ensured using Page Object Model, fixtures, parameterized tests,
 modular utilities, centralized configs, stable locators, CI/CD integration, and proper reporting.

58.  What strategies do you use to keep tests fast and maintainable as your app grows?------> vvery important
To keep tests fast and maintainable, I use Page Object Model, helper functions, and fixtures to avoid repetitive code.
I prefer API-based login to skip slow UI flows.
I rely on reliable locators, auto-waiting, and avoid sleep.
Tests run in parallel, and network mocking reduces dependency on backend.
I also disable animations, cache browser installs in CI, store traces/screenshots only on failure, and organize tests with a scalable folder structure.
All this keeps the suite clean, fast, and stable as the app grows.

59. How would you implement a resilient test framework on top of Playwright, using Page Object Model and modular helpers?
Best Practices to Make Framework Fully Resilient
Use POM to store all class objects of each pages
✔ Use data-driven approach
Store all test data in JSON or YAML.
✔ Use environment-based configs
dev.qa.prod separation.
✔ Use CI/CD integration
Run tests in GitHub Actions, Jenkins, Azure DevOps.
✔ Add parallelism
Run tests in multiple workers.
✔ Keep pages clean
No unnecessary logic in POM.
✔ Keep helpers generic
Helpers must not depend on specific page logic.

60. What locator strategies do you use for complex elements, like regex, ARIA roles, or nested selectors?
“I prefer stable Playwright locators like ARIA roles and test IDs.
For complex elements, I use nested selectors with :has(), regex-based text matching, and locator chaining. 
I also use filters like filter({ hasText }) or filter({ has }) to precisely target dynamic UI structures. 
These strategies help create robust and maintainable selectors.”

61. How do you integrate Playwright into your CI/CD pipeline and generate rich test reports?
“Yes, Playwright integrates easily with CI/CD. I set up a pipeline step to install dependencies, 
install Playwright browsers, and run npx playwright test. I configure reporters like HTML or Allure, 
and then upload the report as an artifact. For debugging, I enable traces, videos, and screenshots. 
This gives a full visual report of failures and makes the pipeline stable and easy to maintain.”

62.8.  When a test is flaky, how do you use Playwright’s Trace Viewer to debug it?
“To debug flaky tests, I enable Playwright’s tracing (trace: "on-first-retry"). When a test fails intermittently, 
Playwright generates a trace.zip file. I open it using npx playwright show-trace. This lets me see a timeline of events, 
DOM snapshots before and after each action, locator retries, network requests, console errors, and page states.
I identify if the failure was due to slow network responses, unstable locators, animations, overlapping elements, or timing issues.
This helps me reliably fix the root cause of the flakiness.”

63.How do you handle dynamic UI elements that appear unpredictably, beyond the built‑in auto‑waiting?
Even though Playwright auto-waits, dynamic UI requires additional techniques. I use explicit waits, locator.waitFor(), race conditions, polling with expect.poll, and API-syncing waits. 
I also check optional elements using count(), add retry logic, and sync the UI with network events. 
This ensures stability even when elements appear unpredictably.

64. implicit and explicit wait in playwright
“Playwright does not support implicit waits like Selenium. Instead, it has built-in auto-waits for elements and actions. 
When I need more control, I use explicit waits such as waitForSelector, locator.waitFor(), or waitForResponse to wait for conditions like visibility, navigation, or API completion.”

65.How do you perform mouse and keyboard actions?
await page.mouse.move(100, 200);
await page.mouse.click(100, 200);

await page.keyboard.type('Hello Playwright');
await page.keyboard.press('Enter');

66.How do you wait for an element in Playwright?
await page.waitForSelector('#username');

67. How do you run a specific test file or test case? 
npx playwright test tests/login.spec.js  or use test.only in the testcase next to test

68. How do you handle slow-loading elements?
Use explicit timeouts or waitForSelector.
await page.waitForSelector('#dashboard', { timeout: 10000 });

69. How do you run tests in multiple browsers?
projects: [
  { name: 'chromium', use: { browserName: 'chromium' } },
  { name: 'firefox', use: { browserName: 'firefox' } },
  { name: 'webkit', use: { browserName: 'webkit' } }
]

70. How do you click an element that is hidden or not visible?
Use force: true but only if necessary.
await page.click('#hiddenBtn', { force: true });

71. Login page redirects to dashboard only sometimes — how do you stabilize the test?
Use assertions
Use waitForLoadState("networkidle")
Use locator-based waits
await page.waitForLoadState('networkidle');
await expect(page.locator('#dashboard')).toBeVisible();

72. How do you skip or tag tests?6
test.skip('not ready');
test('smoke test', { tag: '@smoke' }, async () => {});

73. What is expect.soft() in Playwright?
Soft assertions allow the test to continue even if an expectation fails.
expect.soft(page.locator('#msg')).toHaveText('Success');
At the end, Playwright still reports failures.

74. What is the difference between beforeEach and beforeAll in Playwright?
beforeEach: runs before each test → gives fresh browser/context
beforeAll: runs once → shared context (not isolated)

75. How do you test web applications built with React/Angular/Vue?
Use React locators like:
await page.getByRole('button', { name: 'Submit' }).click();
Playwright uses accessibility locators → avoids unstable CSS selectors.

76. How do you handle web elements that change IDs dynamically?
Use stable selectors:
role based
text based
nth element
CSS structure
await page.getByRole('button', { name: 'Login' }).click();

77. What is the test isolation model in Playwright?
Each test gets:
a new BrowserContext
its own cookies/session
independent storage
This ensures cleaner and more reliable tests.

78.How do you test uploading multiple files?
await page.setInputFiles('#upload', [
  'file1.png',
  'file2.pdf'
]);
Eg: await page.locator("hhhh").setInputFiles("\\path in doubleforwrd slash")

79. How do you test if an element does NOT exist?
await expect(page.locator('#error')).toHaveCount(0);

80. What is Web-First Assertions?
Assertions retry automatically until timeout.
await expect(page.locator('#success')).toBeVisible();
No need for waitForSelector.

81. How do you open developer tools in Playwright?
Use debug mode:
npx playwright test --debug
Stops at breakpoints, allows stepping through test.

82. How do you test applications with dynamic IDs (React apps)?
Avoid CSS selectors. Use:
getByRole
getByText
getByPlaceholder
getByLabel
nth match
await page.getByRole('button', { name: 'Submit' }).click();

83.How do you implement retries for flaky tests?
playwright.config.js:
retries: process.env.CI ? 2 : 0

84. Your test is failing intermittently. What would you do?
Check:
Race conditions
Network delays
Unstable selectors
Missing waits
API backend delays
Animations (use force: true or disable)
Enable tracing + video to debug.

85.How do you run tests sequentially?
npx playwright test --workers=1

86. How do you read data from Excel/CSV in Playwright?'
const XLSX = require("xlsx");

87. What is the difference between locator.click() and page.click()?
page.click	              locator.click
Immediately tries to click	Auto-retries
Less stable	                More stable
Deprecated	                Recommended

88. How do you upload folders?
Playwright doesn't support folder upload — must compress before upload.

89.How do you bypass a CAPTCHA in tests?
You don't automate CAPTCHA — you:
Use test bypass key
Disable CAPTCHA in test environment
Mock API

90. What is the difference between strict locators and non-strict?
Strict locator only allows one unique element.
expect(locator).toHaveCount(1);

91.How do you verify email OTP using Playwright?
Access email API (Mailosaur, Gmail API, Mailtrap)
Parse OTP from email
Fill OTP field

92. How do you implement Page Object Model (POM) in Playwright?
Create class:
class LoginPage {
  constructor(page) { this.page = page; }
  async login(u,p) {...}
}
Then use it in test

93. How do you set cookies manually?
await context.addCookies([{ name:'token', value:'123', domain:'example.com' }]);

94. How do you automatically rerun only failed tests?
npx playwright test --last-failed

95. difference btwn
test.only → runs only the selected test
test.skip → skips a test
test.fixme → marks a known failing test
test.describe → groups related tests

96. Difference between page.locator() and page.$()?
“page.locator() is the modern Playwright API that auto-waits and re-evaluates elements, making tests stable and reliable. 
page.$() returns a static element handle without auto-wait and is discouraged because it causes flaky tests.”

97.How do you handle dynamic elements or elements with changing locators?

98. loggers priority ---> need to change in logger file---> level :'info',  change info to silly to access all 
{
  error: 0,
  warn: 1,
  info: 2,
  http: 3,
  verbose: 4,
  debug: 5,
  silly: 6
}


99. Xpath  -->absolute xpath[/]  --->
relative Xpath[//] is prefered and below are used
//input[@id='username']
//input[@type='text' and @name='email']
//button[text()='Login']
//button[contains(text(),'Log')]
 
100. Visual testing in playwright
Visual testing in Playwright means comparing screenshots of your UI against a baseline to catch UI regressions like
(layout shifts, color changes, missing elements, etc.)
test.skip ("visual testing", async ({page}) => {
    await page.goto("https://www.instagram.com/")
    await page.waitForTimeout(5000)//----->important to take ss
    expect(await page.screenshot()).toMatchSnapshot("insta.png")   or   await expect(page).toHaveScreenshot('homepage.png');
})

101. How do you handle frames and multiple tabs/windows?
Frames are handled using frameLocator() or page.frame(), 
while multiple tabs or windows are handled by capturing the new Page object from the browser context and switching between them.

102. What assertion would you write for an input element?
For an input element, assertions typically verify its value, visibility, enabled state, placeholder, and attributes using uPlaywright’s web-first assertions.

103. How do you check the number of dropdown options, and verify if (Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune) are present?
const options = page.locator('#city option');
await expect(options).toHaveCount(3);

104. How to handle authentication pop-ups in Playwright?

105. How would you implement a custom reporter in Playwright?

106. How to handle dynamic elements in Playwright?
Dynamic elements in Playwright are handled using auto-wait, stable locators, web-first assertions, and condition-based waits instead of hard timeouts.

107. What are some debugging techniques in Playwright?
Playwright provides Inspector, tracing, screenshots, videos, and debug mode to efficiently analyze and fix test failures.

108. How would you test a multi‑tab workflow or user flows that span multiple browser contexts?

109. What’s the difference between workers and sharding for parallel execution, and when do you choose each?
Workers provide parallel execution on a single machine, 
while sharding splits tests across multiple machines for large-scale parallelism.

110. Describe using Playwright with Java or another language, what are the key differences from JavaScript/TypeScript?
“JavaScript and TypeScript are Playwright’s primary languages with full feature support, built-in test runner, and fixtures. 
Java is a client binding that uses JUnit or TestNG, has blocking APIs, and slightly fewer features, 
but is easier for Selenium teams to adopt.”

.

/html/body/ntp-app//div/div[2]/cr-searchbox//div[1]/input
1.need to ask relative xpath
2.need to ask dropdown all 3 in yatra.com
3..env files
4. browser fixture
5. file download needs to be shown fileupload is fine
6. iframes
7. pushing code to github
8 popups and alert 



